[self-introduction video](https://youtu.be/iX25l_2JKBs).
Hello! My name is Evgeniy. I'm an energy specialist with a background in "Management and Informatics in Technical Systems," focusing on automating technological processes.
Together with my friend and colleague Roman, we've developed a product line for high-voltage power distribution and implemented numerous projects using these products. This is an interesting but difficult market that requires a lot of routine work to maintain a share of.
In an effort to automate these tasks, I started writing small scripts in VBA. Later, we faced the task of implementing a web interface on top of our PLM system to enhance its functionality and improve the user experience. I began prototyping its interface in the Figma application. Dealing mainly with desktop applications and simple web apps, I was highly impressed by the capabilities of this environment and couldn't stop until I completed the first version of the prototype.
I have always appreciated high-quality software interfaces, probably since the advent of iOS – a definite shift in improving the user experience with devices, especially those with smaller screens. Naturally, I wanted to bring my prototype to life not only in the Figma simulator but also in a separate browser tab with a different domain name in the address bar 😊 I started looking for educational content on the topic, leading me to the RS-School frontend course.
Now, I'm seeking ways to create concise, understandable, and scalable code that aligns with the aesthetics of modern interfaces. Currently, it often turns out to be spaghetti code, but I feel like I'm gradually finding the right path to this goal.
A recent example is the "Nonogram" puzzle app. The technology stack is modest - Sass(SCSS), Vanilla Js, and the Vite bundler. However, I managed to implement the function of generating SVG from an array. Also on past projects I used ESlint, Prettier and tried to work in the Gatsby JS framework.
The scope of my current activity, although it is engineering in its essence, is quite conservative and highly limited technologically, due to which the development ceiling is very quickly reached and all that remains is to automate labor-intensive routines. Programming in this aspect is radically different - it is difficult to keep up with technology. Therefore, I hope to grasp the zen of development, become part of a new community and actively participate in the creation of numerous useful applications.
Well, it seems that the simplest task of the course has been completed. It wasn't a blockbuster, so I hope you had a well sleep 😊 Thank you for your attention, good luck and bye.
